Include rule set information on linter rules page (#3228)
dart-lang/site-www: src/_guides/language/analysis-options.md

and others are designed for Flutter apps.
Note that linter rules can have false positives, unlike static analysis.

### Enabling Dart team recommended rules: lints {#lints}

The Dart team provides two sets of recommended linter rules in the [lints package][]:

Core rules
: Help identify critical issues that are likely to lead to problems
  when running or consuming Dart code.
  All code should pass these linter rules 
  as Dart packages uploaded to [pub.dev]({{site.pub}})
  are [scored]({{site.pub}}/help/scoring) with the these.

Recommended rules
: Help identify additional issues
  that may lead to problems when running or consuming Dart code,
  and enforce a single, idiomatic style and format.
  We recommend that all Dart code use these rules,
  which are a superset of the core rules.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{{site.alert.tip}}
  If you're working on Flutter code,
  then instead of directly using `lints`, use [`flutter_lints`][],
  which provides a superset of the recommended rules.
{{site.alert.end}}

```

To enable one the Dart team's recommended sets of lints,
add the [lints package]({{site.pub-pkg}}/lints) as a dev dependency:

```terminal
$ dart pub add --dev lints
```

Then edit your `analysis_options.yaml` file to include
your preferred rule set:

```yaml
include: package:lints/<RULE_SET>.yaml
```

For example, you can include the recommended rule set like this:

```yaml
include: package:lints/recommended.yaml
```

{{site.alert.important}}
When a **new version of `lints`** is published,
code that previously passed analysis might **start failing analysis.**
We recommend updating your code to work with the new rules.
Other options are to explicitly enable individual linter rules 
or [disable individual rules][].
{{site.alert.end}}

### Enabling default Google rules: pedantic {#default-google-rules-pedantic}

To enable the list of linter rules that Google uses in its own Dart code,
add the [pedantic package]({{site.pub-pkg}}/pedantic) as a dependency.
Unless you need to use the `pedantic` API, include the `--dev` flag to declare
it as a dev dependency.

```terminal

> $ dart pub add [--dev] lints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ dart pub add [--dev] pedantic
```

and others are designed for Flutter apps.
Note that linter rules can have false positives, unlike static analysis.

### Enabling Dart team recommended rules: lints {#lints}

The Dart team provides two sets of recommended linter rules.

> Two sets of lints are provided by the package:

Reviewer 2: This is a bit repeated with the previous sentence.

Author: Good point, fixed with suggestions by @kwalrath :)

> The Dart team provides two sets of recommended linter rules.
> 
> Two sets of lints are provided by the package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dart team provides two sets of recommended linter rules in the [lints package][]:
```

Core lints
: Lints that help identify critical issues that are likely to lead to problems
when running or consuming Dart code. All code should pass these lints.

Recommended lints
: Lints that help identify additional issues
that may lead to problems when running or consuming Dart code,
and lints that enforce writing Dart using a single, idiomatic style and format.
All code is encouraged to pass these lints.
The recommended lints include all the core lints.

> To enable one the Dart team's recommended sets of lints,
> add the [lints package]({{site.pub-pkg}}/lints) as a dev dependency:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable one of these rule sets,
first add the [lints package]({{site.pub-pkg}}/lints) as a dev dependency:
```

```terminal

> $ dart pub add --dev lints

Reviewer 2: Would be great to also update the instructions below this for the other lints packages to use `dart pub add`, so that it's consistent.

```

> Then include the `analysis_options.yaml` file
> corresponding to your preferred set
> in your `analysis_options.yaml` file:

Reviewer: It's usually a bad sign to have two code blocks on top of each other. And also, these files aren't named `analysis_options.yaml`. So maybe change this paragraph like so:

```suggestion
Then edit your `analysis_options.yaml` file to include
the analysis options file for your preferred rule set:
```

```yaml

> include: package:lints/core.yaml

Reviewer: And then make the first example be a meta-example:

```suggestion
include: package:lints/<RULE_SET>.yaml
```

```

> 

Reviewer: Then we can add a little text here:

```suggestion

For example, you can include the recommended rule set like this:

```

```yaml
include: package:lints/recommended.yaml
```

> 

Reviewer 3: Consider adding info for Flutter lints?  (Or linking out to the instructions here: https://github.com/flutter/packages/tree/master/packages/flutter_lints ?)

Reviewer: I don't think we should have Flutter info here, but we _should_ link out to it. We should probably mention that it builds on `recommended.yaml`. Maybe have a site.alert.tip box near the top of this section?

Reviewer: Hmmm... Now I'm rethinking the Flutter lint thing. If most of our readers use Flutter, maybe we _should_ show how to do it. It might still be in a note, though.

@mit-mit what do you think?

Author: Perhaps we can have a note above the `### Enabling Dart team recommended rules: lints {#lints}` section that instead points users to https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_lints if they are looking to set up analysis for a Flutter package or application.

Reviewer: I took a whack at a note about flutter_lints.
